add example for querying SHARP data and constructing a Map (#6757)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/6757.doc.rst

> Added an example gallery entry for querying SHARP data and loading it into a `Map`.

Reviewer: The incomplete reference was what was causing the doc build failure.

> Added an example gallery entry for querying SHARP data and loading it into a `~sunpy.map.Map`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Added an example gallery (:ref:`sphx_glr_generated_gallery_acquiring_data_querying_and_loading_SHARP_data.py
`) for querying SHARP data and loading it into a `~sunpy.map.Map`.
```
